From: Gregory Watson gregory.watson.austex@gmail.com
Sent: Thursday, February 11, 2021 11:31 PM
To: Mobley, Tangee Tangee.Mobley@capmetro.org
Subject: Another Bad Day on Capital Metro (Wed., Feb. 10, 2021)
EXTERNAL E-MAIL
Hello, again, Tangee Mobley:
My time is valuable to me and I am a busy person.
 Composing these e-mails to Capital Metro consumes even more of my limited time.
Yesterday (Wednesday, February 10, 2021--BEFORE the weather turned bad in the Austin area), I was onboard a NORTHBOUND Route 300 bus.
 The vehicle number of the bus was 2628 and, according to the overhead display, the Operator's ID was 311090.
At approximately 3:45 pm, the driver parked the bus near the McDonald's restaurant located at 303 East Oltorf Street and, empty-handed, she entered the restaurant.
 She emerged at 3:53 pm with a bag having a McDonald's logo on it and with a beverage cup likewise
bearing the McDonald's logo.
 I have no way of knowing if her entry into the restaurant was also for the purpose of using a restroom to which, of course, a bus driver is entitled.
 She resumed driving the bus after keeping us waiting for several minutes.
I did happen to notice that she consumed food while paused for a red light before crossing over Parker Lane.
 She did the same at a red light before crossing over the next intersection at Burleson Road.
 I also happened to notice her drinking the beverage while
the bus was actually in motion while northbound on Springdale Road after crossing over East Martin Luther King, Jr. Boulevard and I noticed again that--while the bus in fact was in motion--she again drank from the beverage while northbound on Cameron Road
while approaching East 52nd Street.
It may be that Capital Metro is OK with all of this but I will tell you that from the viewpoint of a passenger, these "optics" are not good.
 If this conduct is NOT in compliance with Capital Metro policy, then please consider this as my formal complaint against
this driver and a review of the video from the bus would be encouraged.
Just when I thought that things could not go down-hill any further, Capital Metro proved me wrong.
A bit later that same day, I boarded a NORTHBOUND Route 383 bus (Vehicle number 2565 and, according to the overhead display, Operator ID 305830) which departed the North Lamar Transit Center at 5:30 pm.
When the bus arrived on northbound Burnet Road, just south of Longhorn Boulevard at approximately 5:40 pm (at the bus stop labeled "Rutland"
station), the driver suddenly parked and then exited from the bus.
She struck up a conversation with a man who was standing near the bus stop and then got on her cell phone to make a call.
 At first, this angered me.
 However, she later told those of us onboard that this was the location at which there was to be a switch of
drivers as she, herself, would be re-assigned to a different route at that point.
We sat there on vehicle 2565 and waited and waited and waited.
 She then told us that we would have to resume our travel on the next-scheduled Route 383 bus.
 At 6:09 pm--having waited for a half hour--the next-scheduled Route 383 bus (vehicle 2512) did arrive
and all of us exited vehicle 2565 in order to board vehicle 2512.
 This was a significant delay for me in getting to my destination and it does not reflect well upon Capital Metro to have this level of disorder in its administrative functions.
The average Austinite has a choice in the matter because--unlike me--the average Austinite has access to a vehicle.
 Pandemic--or no pandemic--these examples from yesterday show why the average Austinite will not bother to use public transportation (and relieve
traffic congestion on Austin's notoriously-busy roadways) as there are so many examples of difficulty and poor-quality service in what should be the simple task of getting people from Point A to Point B in timely fashion.
A reply would be much-appreciated.
Thank you,
GREGORY WATSON
Thursday, February 11, 2021

